The Joe Rogan experience.
I tried watching the Bordain documentary, but I just think I got too sad.
I couldn't do it. And it did it feel weird? Did you watch it Roadrunner?
Oh yeah. Did it feel weird when you knew that the voice was AI sort of a
recreation of his words?
It didn't feel weird to me because honestly it was less than 45 seconds in a two
hour film. So no, it didn't feel weird. I,
I knew exactly where one of the places was that it was the AI,
but the vast majority of that film is Tony's actual voice.
And I think that really got lost in the discussion around.
We did. Yeah.
I was under the impression that the whole thing was that's how people are
they're so gross. They always want to find the one thing that's negative.
Yeah. Yeah. It really bummed me out because that was the,
that was the dominant conversation on opening weekend.
And it really kind of took away for me from, you know,
the it's a beautiful film. I was a, uh, consulting producer.
So obviously I have a dog in the fight and I want people to love the film,
but I think it's, I think it's great. It is really sad.
How far into it did you get.
Started? Uh, no, shut it off.
Yeah. Yeah.
I just got too sad. It just,
maybe it was my mood that just wasn't.
I just wasn't ready to watch something like that. It was just like,
I can't do it.
Yeah. I understand. You know, I've been steeped in all things,
Tony for, you know, over a decade, but since he died,
I've been making these books and working on the film and talking about him.
And so I've kind of got, I think, a layer of numbness in a way,
but sometimes stuff gets through one of the first time I saw the film,
I cried like a baby. When I was home by myself, I was really glad to be alone.
You know.
It's always his feeling when someone takes their own life.
Like if I could have just talked to them,
like if I was there, if I could have talked to him, that's,
you know, I talked to David Joe, and he had, he had that same.
He had that same take on it, you know, just, you just don't know,
you know, you feel like you something up or you feel like
it's just it's there's no, there's no, there's no peace.
You know, it's, you're always, if I think about him, I
just always think like what a shame,
what a shame, you know,
like a guy who was so interesting and so loved, you know, to,
I found out about it from, um, Maynard, Keenan from tool. Do you know the story.
I listened to you? Uh, talk to, uh,
Tom Papa right after Tony died. So yeah,
he made kind of a joke.
Right. She made her funny guy and he was joking around.
He had said that, you know,
he knew that Tony was really into jujitsu and Maynard really into jujitsu too.
And it's like, we should have a celebrity match, you know,
that would be awesome. And he was talking about it and then he texted.
Me and said, I guess the celebrity matches off. And I was like,
what does that mean? Like,
I guess he just assumed that I would have already known about it,
but I was in Chicago and I had just woken up.
So then I Googled it and I was just like, oh
yeah, it's not a great way. I mean, there's no good way to find out that news,
but that's sounds like a particularly painful way to, uh,
to hear it.
It was confusing, you know, it's, it's painful, but it's like pizza.
It's almost like it's painful later in the beginning. It's just like shock.
You're baffled. Like how, what that, not there anymore.
Like this person's not there anymore. Like if I text them, it's not there.
I have a phone that I won't get rid of because it has text messages from him.
That's like, I can always go back and look at them.
Yeah. Yeah. Same. I have,
I'll never get rid of my last texts with him. I mean,
it's and what you were saying about, you know,
you just wish you could have done something. I mean, believe me, that is,
that is a conversation I've had with so many people. And I think to myself,
like if I had just been a little more, I don't know something, if I had said,
if I had said something or if I had been more supportive or, you know, I just,
I knew he was in trouble that week, but I didn't,
it never occurred to me that he would take that action that he did. And, uh,
and,
and the fact is he had a lot of people around who were very close to him who
loved him. Uh,
and he had other people that were offering to come and be with him because they
knew he was having a hard time that week. And he said, no, don't come.
So it's why was that week? So particularly hard.
He was, there was some stuff in the media with, uh,
with him and his girlfriend that was, you know, not great. Uh, you know,
he was very, very in love. And, uh, I think there was some, I mean, this,
I'm not saying anything that isn't public record and I'm always hesitant to talk
too much about, about all of that, but it's, you know, it was it's out there.
It was in the, uh, Italian press and maybe the French press that, uh,
that his girlfriend had been maybe, or maybe not with another guy,
there were a lot of pictures that made it look not great.
And I think that was really hard for him. Um, and you know, you'll see,
they talk about it. He, it gets talked about in the film,
it gets talked about in my book. Um, you know, I think he was,
he was deeply in love and I think he was realizing that this relationship,
maybe wasn't what he thought it was or that it just,
I think he felt humiliated honestly, you know? And I mean,
that's a hard,
that's a hard thing for a private person to metabolize.
And then, you know,
you're extremely public person who has been extremely public about
this relationship. I think it was a lot for him to handle in that week.
Yeah.
There's not much you can do when that happens in terms of like talking to a
friend, like words just don't work, you know, like they don't,
you don't, you're not going to absorb them.
Yeah. It's uh, you know, it's,
I don't know that someone, I don't know that a normal thing,
I don't know what that a normal reaction to romantic trouble is to take your own
life. I don't, I, you know, clearly there's, you know,
there are plenty of people who have trouble in their relationships who
stay alive. Uh, you know, he was a really complicated guy.
He was a really, uh, I think as, as public, as he was,
and as much as he shared about the way that his mind and his heart worked,
I think there was a lot that he didn't share.
And I think he was more troubled and more lonely
and sad than I think any of us knew at the time, uh, you know,
in the intervening three years, I've learned a lot more about him.
And I thought I knew him inside and out. I was his assistant for 10 years.
You know, we wrote a book together. Uh, I had done some traveling with him,
not extensively, but I did a handful of trips over the years. You know,
we were in contact every day. And, um, you know,
when I started to talk to people after he died, there was just a lot,
a lot more to him, a lot more to his story.
Yeah. Whenever anybody, um,
recovers from a serious drug problem,
but yet still parties, I was always like, Hmm, how was he pulling that off?
Like the first time I hung out with him,
I knew that he had gotten over the heroin thing,
but I didn't quite realize how hard he drank. I was like, whoa.
What's that in Montana, when you go.
That was later. That was after I'd known him for quite a while. I mean,
I think the first time I hung out with him was in Vegas, pretty sure. Um,
it was when he was married to Octavia and, um,
they were there for the UFC and I met him backstage. It was like,
wow, watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.